Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, all we're going to need to do in this lecture is if a user has no sets for new projects.
We then want to have a test of overlay year, which is going to say search for progress.
Okay.
Now, in order to do this, we need to go back to our VSC code and then this screen, and now we can
use contra and beats to make this slide.
Okay.
Now you can see that we have a variable card search.
This is a type of the paradox model.
Okay.
Now, we don't really need this.
And in order to have access to this function we have in the products.
Okay.
Now let's have access to this search query.
We need to first have access to this class.
And that is what we are basically doing over.
Yeah.
You can see we created a variable to store the products provider.
And over here, we are having this test date in order to automatically update the UI.
Okay.
You can see with the top G.
You can see this gets automatically updated, the UCC and so on.
Okay.
Great.
Now, what we need to do now is to check if the.
Search is empty or not.
What we can just do.
You can go back to.
Under the screen.
Okay.
I'm going to go back to.
Now, we don't have any products, okay?
Now, all we need to do is over here.
We can check.
We can call that on this car search.
Search list.
And say that is empty.
It is empty.
We didn't want to have a sense of wages and a child, which is going to be a test we did and it just
bonuses such.
For.
Her dad's okay over yet?
We need to had this okay for the house.
Okay.
Now we can use contra and se to save.
And you can only see search products.
Okay.
Search for products.
We can try this.
Test STI.
Test II.
Okay.
I think we have we need a triple camera here.
And you can see.
Font.
Size of 20.
Okay.
Font.
Funds which.
Dead bird.
We can't just I think we missing one and we can either channel camera and use control and sase and as
well we can.
How the trail cover.
Okay.
Now let's go back.
You can see stage four products and menu type.
A product that is going to go up and the product is going to be displayed.
Okay.
Now, one more thing we can do is.
We are going to be able to click on this and it's going to take us to the field screen.
Okay.
Not to do this.
I think we have to locate where we have that.
Okay.
We need to go to Widget and.
I think we could this.
Which record?
What did you call this?
It's a category.
Okay.
Category list.
Okay, great.
Now to do this.
Oh, we just have to disrupt this with a button.
Okay, this is gonna be a button type of gesture.
Just.
Gesture detector.
And as you know, the gesture detector has the on tap.
And you can see once you go to navigate or get of context and push.
And Matt, Syria.
My two page roots and.
Contests.
Great.
And over here, we can have this and have a semicolon.
And we can then return.
I think we have the fields.
Feels queen of the fifth screen.
Okay, great.
This country NSA save.
Okay.
Now we can click on this.
You can see.
You can't click on this area.
Okay, well, we can just as well.
We can grab that arrow.
Look where we have it.
Okay.
This is the way you.
We can wrap it as a gesture detector as well.
Wrap with gesture.
Detector and do on top.
Okay.
And what we can basically do is copy what we have over here.
Contrary to see.
And.
Okay.
Within this, we can't pin this.
Okay, great.
Okay.
You can go back and work on this.
Okay, great.
Now you can add more products.
Okay.
Now, if you think there's anything those missing you can do to please let me know.
Then again, the hard part.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See you in the next lecture.